{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs20 Minutes of meeting of the Teach Ghana Trust\par
Monday 15th May 2006\par
7pm, London Bridge\par
\b0\par
\b ACTION POINTS: TO BE COMPLETED BY NEXT MEETING\par
\b0 ACTION: Laura to get in touch with VSO\par
ACTION: Laura to report outcomes from meeting with Canon Collins via TGT forum.\par
ACTION: Laura to post legal notes on raffles on forum.  \par
ACTION: Laura to investigate costs of printing raffle tickets\par
\pard ACTION: Laura to write letter to Vicky Mugglestone explaining change in direction of Teach Ghana Trust.\par
ACTION: Tom to write a cheque to Vicky Mugglestone for \'a350ACTION: Vik to set up category called 'Action points' to highlight tasks arising from meetings.\par
ACTION: Vik to change 'Volunteering' to 'Year Out'? With corresponding prose as cleared by the trust in March.\par
ACTION: Vik and Roscoe to discuss URL\par
ACTION: Vik to follow up with Fairtrade and Oxfam\par
ACTION: Roscoe to pursue possibility of shipping items to Ghana with his shipping contact if appropriate.\par
\pard ACTION: Roscoe to chase backdated gift aid claims\par
\pard ACTION: Narsh to follow up possible donation of books from donor in West London\par
ACTION: Laura to investigate application form and criteria for Ghanian schools to apply for grants\par
ACTION: Laura to investigate application form and criteria for potential teacher trainees to apply for Grants\par
UK Ghana schools link\par
ACTION: Narsh to investigate schools link with England and Ghana and report back at next meeting\par
ACTION: Vik to publish 'year out group' statement on website\par
ACTION: Narsh to email Asha and invite to meeting\par
ACTION: All trustees to check diaries and confirm which meeting date will be most convenient (3rd or 5th July)\par
\pard\par
\par
\b 1. Apologies for absence\par
\b0 These were received from Gareth and Lisa.\par
\par
\b 2. Confirmation of Previous minutes\b0\par
These were confirmed.\par
\par
\b 3. Committee updates\b0\par
\b Lisa\b0  \tab (To be carried over to the next meeting):\tab\tab\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720 LnB\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Stamp\par
\pard\par
\b Laura\b0\tab\tab\tab\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720 VSO - Laura has found a contact for VSO and is in the process of trying to get in touch with them.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}ACTION: Laura to get in touch with VSO in time for next meeting.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Canon Collins - Laura had visited the Canon Collins website and looked at how the organisation disburses and monitors grants.  She circulated sample copies of application criteria and application forms downloaded from the website.  She had also arranged a telephone meeting with the Scholarship Grants manager to talk through ideas and possible ways of working together.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}ACTION: Laura to report outcomes from meeting with Canon Collins via TGT forum.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Raffle.  Laura had looked into the various legal procedures around having raffles.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}ACTION: Laura to post legal notes on raffles on forum.  \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}.\par
\pard\par
\b Gareth\b0  (To be carried over to the next meeting):\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720 Matthew Wright\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The Star\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}John Cooper \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Shipping contacts \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Ghana charities\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Constitution - winding up\par
\pard Narsh provided a brief update on some of the above listed items:\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720 Gareth has spoken to his contact at Gallagher regarding the possibility of shipping items cheaply over to Ghana.  He will not want advertising in return.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Vicky Muggleston - as the decision was made to grant Vicky \'a350 at a meeting prior to the Teach Ghana Trust taking a change in direction, it was decided to send her \'a350 towards the costs of her ESOL training prior to departure.  This donation will be accompanied by a letter explaining the change in direction taken by the trust.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}ACTION: Laura to write letter to Vicky explaining change in direction of Teach Ghana Trust.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}ACTION: Tom to write a cheque to Vicky Mugglestone for \'a350\par
\pard\par
\b Vik\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\b0 Forum - It was agreed that this is working well.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}ACTION: Vik to set up category called 'Action points' to highlight tasks arising from meetings.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Dynamic homepage\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}ACTION: Vik to change 'Volunteering' to 'Year Out'? With corresponding prose as cleared by the trust in March.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}ACTION: Vik and Roscoe to discuss URL.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Fairtrade / Oxfam\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}ACTION: Vik to follow up with Fairtrade and Oxfam\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Other.  It was decided that business cards and posters no longer constituted necessary expenditure, and will not be pursued for the time being.\par
\pard\par
\b Tom / Roscoe\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\b0 STA travel\par
\pard Given the change in direction that has been taken by the Teach Ghana Trust, it was noted that deals with STA travel for volunteers are no longer relevant.\par
\par
\b Roscoe\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\b0 Shipping Contacts - Roscoe is unable to discuss shipping items to Ghana with his shipping contact at the moment.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}ACTION: Roscoe to pursue possibility of shipping items to Ghana with his shipping contact if appropriate.\par
\pard\par
\b Narsh\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\b0 Christmas cards - deferred item to next meeting\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Giftaid - Narsh has received the forms for giftaid and passed them to Tom and Roscoe to follow up backdated donations\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}ACTION: Roscoe to chase backdated gift aid claims\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}CADF  - this has been completed.  Narsh has cashed cheque for \'a33000.  Tom congratulated Narsh on his achievement.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Other\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Narsh has emailed prospective volunteers explaining the trust's change in direction.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Narsh has been contacted by a possible donor in West London who would like to give school books to the trust. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}ACTION: Narsh to follow up possible donation.\par
\pard\par
\b Matters for Discussion\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\b0 Change constitution - given the nature of the constitution, this may not be necessary.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Ghana schools to apply for grants\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}ACTION: Laura to investigate application form and criteria\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Ghana teacher trainees to apply for grants\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}ACTION: Laura to investigate application form and criteria\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}UK Ghana schools link\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}ACTION: Narsh to investigate and report back at next meeting\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Year out group effect\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}It was agreed that whilst TGT will position itself clearly against year out groups via the statement on its website, it will not, for the time being, pursue any proactive activities in this direction.  It was agreed that it was important to priorities TGT's own operations before trying to attract attention to its stance.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}ACTION: Vik to publish holding statement on website\par
\pard\par
\b Fundraising\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\b0 It was agreed that until TGT commences its operations, this was not a priority.  The balance in the account currently stands at \'a39,000\par
\pard\par
\b Website\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\b0 It was agreed that a dynamic homepage was unecessary, and Vik's time could be better spent elsewhere.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}ACTION: Roscoe to change host server for website\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}ACTION: Narsh to supply 1,2,3 log-in to Roscoe\par
\pard\b\par
A.O.B\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720 Asha Adutwim  - Asha had contacted the TGT with an offer of help, as a recently graduated law student.  The trustees agreed that it might be useful to pursue this link and see what she could offer TGT.  \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}ACTION: Narsh to email Asha and invite to meeting.\par
\pard\par
\b Date of next meeting\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720 Monday 3rd July / Wednesday 5th July.  \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}ACTION: All trustees to check diaries and confirm which meeting date will be most convenient.\par
\pard\par
}

